<h1 align="center">Veritas: A lightweight Generative AI detection service</h1>
<p align="center">
Collaborators: Nick Ching (nc2935), Naren Loganathan (nl2878), 
  
Contributions
[Trello link](https://trello.com/invite/b/6702d91258eab0e42ba8174c/ATTId2e43923e75399a4283c25456224c3a27CF0F058/pineapple-veritas)

</p>


## **About The Project**

Veritas is a lightweight and flexible service that abstracts the task of detecting AI-generated text in various contexts. Utilizing the cutting edge paper: [Raidar: geneRative AI Detection viA Rewriting](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.12970) published by Mao, Vondrick, Wang, and Yang. 



## **Current Progress**
  - **18 Oct 2024:** Completed development of Vertias service (including Java API controller, DB handlers and Python Microservice)


---

## **Project Requirements** 
1. Java Development Kit (JDK): Version 11 or later
   - Ensure that javac and java are installed and properly configured in your system's PATH.
   - you can verify this by running javac --version and java-version

2. Maven: Used for building the project
   - Maven should be installed and accessible via the CLI
   - you can verify this by running mvn --version
  
3. Bash Shell: For running test scripts to view results of testing lexical analyzer
   - On macOS and Linux, bash is pre-installed.
   - For Windows, you may need to install Git Bash or use Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
  
4. Intellij: Note that this project was built using Intellij IDEA, but it should work with any Java-compatible IDE. 





## **Building and Running a local instance** 



## **Running a cloud-based instance** 


## **Service Endpoint Descriptions**


<details>
<summary>GET: /</summary>
  <li>Purpose: Debugging function to ensure our API is connected. </li>
  <li>Expected Parameters: N/A</li>
  <li>Expected Output: HTTP OK, "Welcome to Veritas!" string</li>
</details>

<details>
<summary>GET: /checkText</summary>
  <li>Purpose: Simply determine if an independent piece of text is generated by AI</li>
  <li>Expected Parameters: String text</li>
  <li>Expected Output: HTTP OK Status with JSON containing a boolean true or false value</li>
  <li>Upon Failure: HTTP OK Status with JSON containing a boolean true or false value</li>

</details>

<details>
<summary>POST: /checkTextUser</summary>
  <li>Purpose: Debugging function to ensure our API is connected. </li>
  <li>Expected Parameters: N/A</li>
  <li>Expected Output: HTTP OK, "Welcome to Veritas!" string</li>
</details>

<details>
<summary>GET: /numFlags</summary>
  <li>Purpose: Debugging function to ensure our API is connected. </li>
  <li>Expected Parameters: N/A</li>
  <li>Expected Output: HTTP OK, "Welcome to Veritas!" string</li>
</details>


## **Running Tests**



## **Style Check Report** 


## **Branch Coverage Reporting**
